README.md, before:

# Splunk DLT Connector Libraries

This repository hosts a set of common, shared libraries used in TypeScript-based data connectors by the Splunk DLT team. Libraries are written in TypeScript and published as NPM libraries in the `@splunkdlt` NPM organization.

<!-- PACKAGE-LIST -->

### [`@splunkdlt/async-tasks`](./packages/async-tasks)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40splunkdlt%2Fasync-tasks.svg)](https://npm.im/%40splunkdlt%2Fasync-tasks)

Generic helpers around asynchronous tasks, parallel execution, retrying and aborting them.

### [`@splunkdlt/cache`](./packages/cache)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40splunkdlt%2Fcache.svg)](https://npm.im/%40splunkdlt%2Fcache)

Simple typescript cache library with simple LRU implementation.

### [`@splunkdlt/debug-logging`](./packages/debug-logging)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40splunkdlt%2Fdebug-logging.svg)](https://npm.im/%40splunkdlt%2Fdebug-logging)

Wrapper around [debug](https://yarnpkg.com/en/package/debug) creating a set of structured debug loggers with a common name prefix.

### [`@splunkdlt/eslint-config-dlt-connect-lib`](./packages/eslint-config)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40splunkdlt%2Feslint-config-dlt-connect-lib.svg)](https://npm.im/%40splunkdlt%2Feslint-config-dlt-connect-lib)

Common eslint config for DLT connect packages

### [`@splunkdlt/hec-client`](./packages/hec-client)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40splunkdlt%2Fhec-client.svg)](https://npm.im/%40splunkdlt%2Fhec-client)

Flexible client library for Splunk HTTP Event Collector (HEC) with support for sending metrics and events, batching, compression, keep-alives and retries.

### [`@splunkdlt/managed-resource`](./packages/managed-resource)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40splunkdlt%2Fmanaged-resource.svg)](https://npm.im/%40splunkdlt%2Fmanaged-resource)

A set of helpers to perform an orderly shutdown of a collector process.

### [`@splunkdlt/stats-collector`](./packages/stats-collector)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40splunkdlt%2Fstats-collector.svg)](https://npm.im/%40splunkdlt%2Fstats-collector)

A helper to collect stats (internal metrics) of a node process to send to Splunk.

<!-- PACKAGE-LIST-END -->

Commit message:

docs: ✏️ Runnable example code and general docs improvements
Created several new example files, which are meant to be executable (to
verify they work). A script inserts parts of example scripts into
markdown files. Other misc docs improvements.

README.md, after:

# Splunk DLT Connector Libraries

This repository hosts a set of common, shared libraries used in TypeScript-based data connectors by the Splunk DLT team. Libraries are written in TypeScript and published as NPM libraries in the `@splunkdlt` NPM organization. All libraries are designed to be used in Node.js and are not tested or expected to work in the browser.

<!-- PACKAGE-LIST -->

### [`@splunkdlt/async-tasks`](./packages/async-tasks)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40splunkdlt%2Fasync-tasks.svg)](https://npm.im/%40splunkdlt%2Fasync-tasks)

Generic helpers around asynchronous tasks, parallel execution, retrying and aborting them.

### [`@splunkdlt/cache`](./packages/cache)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40splunkdlt%2Fcache.svg)](https://npm.im/%40splunkdlt%2Fcache)

Simple typescript cache library with simple LRU implementation.

### [`@splunkdlt/debug-logging`](./packages/debug-logging)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40splunkdlt%2Fdebug-logging.svg)](https://npm.im/%40splunkdlt%2Fdebug-logging)

Wrapper around [debug](https://yarnpkg.com/en/package/debug) creating a set of structured debug loggers with a common name prefix.

### [`@splunkdlt/eslint-config-dlt-connect-lib`](./packages/eslint-config)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40splunkdlt%2Feslint-config-dlt-connect-lib.svg)](https://npm.im/%40splunkdlt%2Feslint-config-dlt-connect-lib)

Common eslint config for DLT connect packages

### [`@splunkdlt/hec-client`](./packages/hec-client)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40splunkdlt%2Fhec-client.svg)](https://npm.im/%40splunkdlt%2Fhec-client)

Flexible client library for Splunk HTTP Event Collector (HEC) with support for sending metrics and events, batching, compression, keep-alives and retries.

### [`@splunkdlt/managed-resource`](./packages/managed-resource)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40splunkdlt%2Fmanaged-resource.svg)](https://npm.im/%40splunkdlt%2Fmanaged-resource)

A set of helpers to perform an orderly shutdown of a collector process.

### [`@splunkdlt/stats-collector`](./packages/stats-collector)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40splunkdlt%2Fstats-collector.svg)](https://npm.im/%40splunkdlt%2Fstats-collector)

A helper to collect stats (internal metrics) of a node process to send to Splunk.

<!-- PACKAGE-LIST-END -->
